# Contribution Guides

1. **[Get Set up](<./contribution-guides/1. get-set-up.md>)**
2. **[Build Authentication Server Sample](<./contribution-guides/2. build-authentication-server-sample.md>)**
3. **[Run Authentication Server Sample](<./contribution-guides/3. run-authentication-server-sample.md>)**
4. **[Test Your Changes](<./contribution-guides/4. test-your-changes.md>)**
5. **[Write Unit Tests](<./contribution-guides/5. write-unit-tests.md>)**
6. **[Submit a PR](<./contribution-guides/6. submit-a-pr.md>)**
7. **[Publish Your Changes](<./contribution-guides/7. publish-your-changes.md>)**



## 3. Run Authentication Server Sample

### Prerequisites

- Register a Client and Server (Web API) applications in Azure Active Directory (AAD) as part of [On Behalf Of workflow](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-on-behalf-of-flow). See instructions below
- Update the Server (Web API) application with information from the app registrations

### [Set up App Registrations](../deploy/set-up-app-registrations.md)

### Create an Azure Communication Services resource

Follow [Quickstart: Create and manage Communication Services resources](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/communication-services/quickstarts/create-communication-resource?tabs=windows&pivots=platform-azp) to create an Azure Communication Services resource using Azure Portal.

### Create an `appSettings.ts` File

Before running the sample, you will need to replace the values in the  `appSettings.ts`  file:

1. Use the `appSettings.ts.template` file as an template to generate the  `appSettings.ts`  file.

2. Replace `connectionString` and `scopes` for the Communication Services

3. Replace `clientId`, `tenantId` and `clientSecret` for the Azure Active Directory.

   > Note: Values of `clientId`, `tenantId` and `clientSecret` are all from `AuthServer` app registration.

### Generate an Azure AD Token manually

Since the sample does not have a client application, you need to generate Client Azure AD Token manually to make calls to Azure Active Directory protected backend Web APIs in the sample. You will need an access token using client app registration to call the Web API. In order to get the access token manually, please follow steps [here](../test-tools/generate_aad_token_manually.md). 

>  Note: If you are integrating a client application, then please ignore these steps as you could test directly via user signing through client application.

Once you get the `access_token` in the response, you can jump to the next step to start the server and call `http://localhost:5000/api/token` or `https://localhost:5001/api/token` using the  `access_token` .

### Run the App

In order to run the ACS Authentication Server sample,

1. Go to the project root directory.

   ```shell
   # navigate to the repository
   cd communication-services-authentication-hero-csharp/src
   ```

   

2. Run the following command.

   ```shell
   # Start the server
   dotnet run
   ```

   > Note: You can also run the selected project using the Visual Studio.

3. Make a GET request to `http://localhost:3000/api/token` with the `access_token` generated at **step 2** of **Generate an Azure AD Token manually** as a Authorization Bearer header. Verify you get a successful status code i.e. 200.

   ```shell
   curl --location --request GET 'http://localhost:5000/api/token' --header 'Authorization: Bearer <access_token>'
   ```

   > Note: If you are facing issues running the curl command, then try importing(File -> import -> raw text, paste the curl command and continue) the curl command in [Postman](https://www.postman.com/downloads/) and running it there. 

---

- Next: **[Test Your Changes](<./contribution-guides/4. test-your-changes.md>)**
- Previous: **[Build Authentication Server Sample](<./contribution-guides/2. build-authentication-server-sample.md>)**

